About BSbox-tools: Mathematical software for representation, defining and computing the most important cryptographic properties of Boolean and Vector Boolean functions (S-boxes)

Current release: v0.3 

What is BSbox-tools?

BSbox-tools is developed software for representation, defining and computing the most important cryptographic properties of Boolean and Vector Boolean functions (S-boxes). 
For development of this software is use our CUDA oriented library BoolSPLG (Boolean S-box Properties Library for GPUs), a library with parallel algorithms for Boolean functions and S-boxes for GPU. 
To use this software there is no need knowledge of a programming language. BoolSPL (Boolean S-box parallel library for GPU) provides, reusable software components for every layer of the CUDA programming model. 
BoolSPLG is a library consisting procedures for analysis and compute cryptographic properties of Boolean and Vector Boolean function (S-box). 
Our procedures have function for auto grid conﬁguration. Most of the functions are designed to compute the data in registers because they offer the highest bandwidth.

How do I get started using BSbox-tools? 

BSbox-tools is intended for PC configuration that contain NVIDIA graphic card with minimal 3.0 CUDA compute capability. 
Even if PC do not contain program will work but without GPU optional features. 
This program can be run under Windows 7, 10, 11 and on some Linux distributions.

Source code, project fi les and documentation concerning BSbox-tools is available on: https://github.com/BoolSPLG/BSbox-tools_v0.3. 
If you want to build project, whether under Windows or Ubuntu (or other Linux distribution) you need use CMake.

Information about how can build project under Windows or Ubuntu you can find in "docs\BSbox-tools" directory.

 Help information's for BSbox-tools

Console interface program that can run on CPU and Nvidia GPU.

Full CPU-GPU functionality run only on Nvidia GPU with compute capability 3.0 or later.

 Compute cryptographic properties of Boolean and Vector Boolean function (S-box).

 Input file 'infile_exampl' (for Boolean and S-box funtion).
 Input size for Boolean funtion 2^5 to 2^20 (GPU).
 Input size for Boolean funtion no limitation depend from hardware (CPU).

 Input size for S-box 2^5 to 2^20 (GPU).
 Input size for S-box no limitation depend from hardware (CPU).

